All right, let's go ahead and check out looking at this point Cloud data now.
So back in environment.cpp,
instead of calling render rays,
we can call render Point Cloud which is defined in render.cpp,
and we're going to be giving it our viewer and this input Cloud,
and we'll just call it input Cloud as well.
So it wants to have a name associated with it,
this way you can have multiple point Clouds showing up in
the viewer and each one can be identified.
The other thing that we're going to do is not render
our scene because we'll just want to render the point Cloud data by itself.
So we'll make that false.
Now, if we go ahead and save our file,
and then we go back into,
let me go ahead and do full screen on this.
We go into the terminator and we make our latest changes,
we can then run the simulator and see what the point cloud data looks like.
All right. Let's go ahead and launch the executable.
Now you'll see that it's a little bit different
from the image that we're showing back in the previous slide
because we have a mean distance of five so we don't
see any of the points from the roof of the ego car,
and also we have noise.
So and you can see it's nice little scattering effect.
It looks a little bit more realistic,
not quite as like symmetric in clean.
Also, we can move around and we can see
where the lidar is picking up these cars on the road.
So there's one car over here in this cluster.
There is another car over here.
We're not seeing as much of it as that other one because it's not as close to the lidar.
So this is something where you can play with
the lidar hyper parameters and see if you can get higher resolution,
better defined scans of your environment.
Then that last car is back over here.
It's right here, and so we can really
CM if we tried to get it an orbit position where we can see the flat plane,
and then these things poking up above the ground.
That's what we'll be going into next,
is really how to separate these ground plane
points from everything else which includes our cars.
So, you can also look at the camera parameters too and see if you do it in a side view,
you can get a nice glimpse of them there maybe.
But that's what our point Cloud data looks like.